docs/internal/notes.md, before:

- Monomorphism vs polymorphism in JavaScript engines
  - <https://mrale.ph/blog/2015/01/11/whats-up-with-monomorphism.html>
  - <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/76167593/js-v8-compiler-optimization-monomorph-polymorph-sealed-object-and-classes-o>
  - <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/75061784/avoiding-polymorphism-when-re-using-code-as-optimization>
  - <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/64427232/retrieve-some-meta-information-from-the-arbitrary-javascript-object-monomorphica>
  - <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/74619246/polymorphism-overwhelming-inline-caches>
  - SpiderMonkey (used in Firefox) and JavaScriptCore (used in Safari) probably
    behave similarly, but it would be nice to have that confirmed in detail.

- DOM reflows
  - <https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/performance/bestpractices.html>

- Undo/redo
  - <https://doc.qt.io/qt-6/qundo.html>

- Actions
  - <https://doc.qt.io/qt-6/qaction.html>

- Menu
  - <https://www.electronjs.org/docs/latest/api/menu>
  - <https://www.electronjs.org/docs/latest/api/menu-item>

- Monorepo maintenance
  - <https://nx.dev/blog/managing-ts-packages-in-monorepos>
  - <https://turbo.build/blog/you-might-not-need-typescript-project-references>

- DAW references
  - <https://www.reaper.fm/sdk/reascript/reascripthelp.html>
  - <https://www.bitwig.com/userguide/latest/working_with_note_events/>
  - <https://www.ableton.com/en/live-manual/12/editing-midi/>
  - <https://www.image-line.com/fl-studio-learning/fl-studio-online-manual/html/pianoroll.htm>
  - <https://support.apple.com/en-mk/guide/logicpro/lgcpa9111b0d/mac>
  - <https://www.steinberg.help/r/cubase-pro/14.0/en/cubase_nuendo/topics/midi_editors/midi_editors_about_c.html>
  - <https://acoustica.com/mixcraft-10-manual/piano-roll-tool-bar>
  - <https://docs.lmms.io/user-manual/navigation/piano-roll>

- Uncategorized
  - <https://github.com/orgs/musescore/discussions/16925>
  - <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/39419170/how-do-i-check-that-a-switch-block-is-exhaustive-in-typescript>
  - <https://kubyshkin.name/posts/newtype-in-typescript/>

Commit message:

Implement more actions for the piano roll
Includes a lot of other things, like the start of a timeline
implementation, the start of the localization support, the start of a
command palette, the start of user-defined shortcuts, etc.

There's a lot more false starts that were not captured in this commit,
and breaking this up into smaller commits wouldn't really make a
difference - there's probably no reason to sift through that. At least
the build is not broken!

docs/internal/notes.md, after:

Mostly links that aren't part of something of the todo list, and smaller notes.
Larger notes go into their own file here.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- Undo
  - <https://maxliani.wordpress.com/2021/09/01/undo-the-art-of-part-1/>
  - <https://developer.blender.org/docs/features/core/undo/>
  - <https://doc.qt.io/qt-6/qundo.html>
    - <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/17474986/qt-qundocommand-realtime-editing>

- JavaScript engines
  - Monomorphism vs polymorphism
    - <https://mrale.ph/blog/2015/01/11/whats-up-with-monomorphism.html>
    - <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/76167593/js-v8-compiler-optimization-monomorph-polymorph-sealed-object-and-classes-o>
    - <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/75061784/avoiding-polymorphism-when-re-using-code-as-optimization>
    - <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/64427232/retrieve-some-meta-information-from-the-arbitrary-javascript-object-monomorphica>
    - <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/74619246/polymorphism-overwhelming-inline-caches>
    - SpiderMonkey (used in Firefox) and JavaScriptCore (used in Safari)
      probably behave similarly, but it would be nice to have that confirmed in
      detail.
  - [V8 design docs](https://github.com/two-heart/v8-design-docs)

- DOM reflows
  - <https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/performance/bestpractices.html>

- Monorepo maintenance
  - <https://nx.dev/blog/managing-ts-packages-in-monorepos>
  - <https://turbo.build/blog/you-might-not-need-typescript-project-references>

- DAW references
  - <https://www.reaper.fm/sdk/reascript/reascripthelp.html>
  - <https://www.bitwig.com/userguide/latest/working_with_note_events/>
  - <https://www.ableton.com/en/live-manual/12/editing-midi/>
  - <https://www.image-line.com/fl-studio-learning/fl-studio-online-manual/html/pianoroll.htm>
  - <https://support.apple.com/en-mk/guide/logicpro/lgcpa9111b0d/mac>
  - <https://www.steinberg.help/r/cubase-pro/14.0/en/cubase_nuendo/topics/midi_editors/midi_editors_about_c.html>
  - <https://acoustica.com/mixcraft-10-manual/piano-roll-tool-bar>
  - <https://docs.lmms.io/user-manual/navigation/piano-roll>

- Uncategorized
  - <https://github.com/orgs/musescore/discussions/16925>
  - <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/39419170/how-do-i-check-that-a-switch-block-is-exhaustive-in-typescript>
  - <https://kubyshkin.name/posts/newtype-in-typescript/>
